Add note about pre-migration for Pulp Container content (#3052)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/snip_pulp-container-manifests-note.adoc

Reviewer: `snip_note-pulp-container-manifests.adoc` better when the name starts with the "content type"

Reviewer: @bangelic Please, rename the file

[NOTE]
====
Pulp is introducing more data about container manifests to the API.
As a result, migrations must be performed to pull this content from manifests into the database.

> This information allows Katello to display manifest labels, annotations, and information about the manifest type, such as if it is bootable or represents flatpak content.

Reviewer: I would swap the order of these two sentences.

ifdef::foreman-el,katello[]

> This migration takes time so users who depend on container content and need minimal upgrade downtime should run `foreman-maintain advanced procedure run pulpcore-container-handle-image-metadata` after upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This migration takes time, so if you depend on container content and need minimal upgrade downtime, run the following command after upgrading for a pre-migration.

[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# foreman-maintain advanced procedure run pulpcore-container-handle-image-metadata
----
```

This command migrates data in the background without any need for downtime.
endif::[]

ifdef::satellite[]

> This migration takes time so it runs automatically after the upgrade to {ProjectVersion} to reduce future upgrade downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This migration takes time, so a pre-migration runs automatically after the upgrade to {ProjectVersion} to reduce future upgrade downtime.
```

Pulp is introducing more data about container manifests to the API.
This information allows Katello to display manifest labels, annotations, and information about the manifest type, such as if it is bootable or represents flatpak content.
As a result, migrations must be performed to pull this content from manifests into the database.

> ifdef::foreman-el,katello[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ifdef::katello[]
```
You will not need this with the aforementioned condition.
